fix(a11y): clarify read-write range roles (#44712)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/reference/roles/spinbutton_role/index.md

The `slider` role, similar to HTML's `input` of type `range`, [`<input type="range">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/input/range), is a read-write input range. Sliders allow users to select a value between the predefined minimum and maximum values. The user selects a value by moving a slider thumb along a horizontal or vertical slider to select a value.

> Unlike the read-only `progressbar` and `meter` roles, the `slider` and `spinbutton` roles are read-write ranges: their values change via user interaction. Both roles must be able to receive focus and support keyboard, pointer, and touch interaction.

Reviewer: I think what you've done is factually correct, but the structure of the paragraph in general is wrong. We already say earlier that the `progressbar` and `meter` roles are read-only, so we don't need to say that again. We already say earlier that `slider` is read-write, so we don't really need to say that again either, but I can see that making a comparison would be useful.

I think it would be better if this paragraph was cut down a bit. The bit about what the two role should receive/support is useful, so should be kept.

So, maybe something like

```suggestion
The `spinbutton` role is also read-write: the range of discrete values it provides are selected via user interaction. Like `range` controls, `spinbutton` widgets must be able to receive focus and support keyboard, pointer, and touch interaction.
```
